Add info about the log rotation on Magento Cloud environment (#8970)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/log-locations.md

-  **Magento Cloud CLI**—You can view logs using the `magento-cloud log` command.

{:.bs-callout-tip}

> Automatic log rotation, compression and removal are enabled in the Cloud environment. Every type of log file has its own rotating pattern and lifetime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic log rotation, compression, and removal are enabled in the Cloud environment. Every type of log file has its own rotating pattern and lifetime.
```

> Automatic logs rotation, compression and removal are enabled in the cloud environment. Every type of log file has its own rotating pattern and lifetime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Automatic log rotation, compression and removal are enabled in the Cloud environment. Every type of log file has its own rotating pattern and lifetime.
```

**PHP access log**  | `/var/log/php.access.log`   | `/var/log/platform/<project_id>_stg/php.access.log` | `/var/log/platform/<project_id>/php.access.log`
**PHP FPM log**     | `/var/log/app.log`          | `/var/log/platform/<project_id>_stg/php5-fpm.log` | `/var/log/platform/<project_id>/php5-fpm.log`

> The application logs are archived once per day and kept for one year. In order to access the archived logs for a particular day, it is possible to find the file by a unique ID that equals `Number of Days Ago + 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application logs are compressed and archived once per day and kept for one year. The compressed logs are named using a unique ID that corresponds to the `Number of Days Ago + 1`.
```

> The application logs are being archived once per day and kept for one year. In order to access the archived logs for the particular day, it is possible to find this file by a unique ID that equals `Number of Days Ago + 1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The application logs are archived once per day and kept for one year. In order to access the archived logs for a particular day, it is possible to find the file by a unique ID that equals `Number of Days Ago + 1`.
```

> For example, the PHP access log for 21 days in the past, on the Pro production environment can found by the following path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the PHP access log for 21 days in the past, on the Pro production environments, is stored and named as follows:
```

> For example, the PHP access log for 21 days back on the Pro production environment can found by the following path:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the PHP access log for 21 days in the past, on the Pro production environment can found by the following path:
```

```terminal
/var/log/platform/<project_id>/php.access.log.22.gz
```

> The archived log files are always stored in the same directory where the original was file before compression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The archived log files are always stored in the same directory where the original file was located, before compression.
```

> The archived log files are always stored in the same directory where the original file was located, before compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The archived log files are always stored in the directory where the original file was located before compression.
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> **Deploy** and **Post-deploy** log files are not being rotated and archived. The entire deployment history can be found in the same file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Deploy** and **Post-deploy** log files are not rotated and archived. The entire deployment history can be found in the same file.
```

> **Deploy** and **Post-deploy** log files are not rotated and archived. The entire deployment history can be found in the same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deploy** and **Post-deploy** log files are not rotated and archived. The entire deployment history is written within those log files.
```

## Service logs

Because each service runs in a separate container, the service logs are not available in the Integration environment. {{ site.data.var.ece }} provides access to the web server container in the Integration environment only. The following service log locations are for the Pro Production and Staging environments:

-  **Redis log**: `/var/log/platform/<project_id>_stg/redis-server-<project_id>_stg.log`
-  **Elasticsearch log**: `/var/log/elasticsearch/elasticsearch.log`
-  **Java garbage collection log**: `/var/log/elasticsearch/gc.log`
-  **Mail log**: `/var/log/mail.log`
-  **MySQL error log**: `/var/log/mysql/mysql-error.log`
-  **MySQL slow log**: `/var/log/mysql/mysql-slow.log`
-  **RabbitMQ log**: `/var/log/rabbitmq/rabbit@host1.log`

> Service logs are archived and saved for different periods of time depending on the log type. The MySQL logs, having the shortest lifetime period, are removed after 7 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service logs are archived and saved for different periods of time, depending on the log type. For example, MySQL logs have the shortest lifetime—removed after 7 days.
```

> Service logs are being archived and saved for different periods of time depending on the log type. The MySQL logs, having the shortest lifetime period, are removed after 7 days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Service logs are archived and saved for different periods of time depending on the log type. The MySQL logs, having the shortest lifetime period, are removed after 7 days.
```
